c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\EmployeeDetail.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\EmployeeList.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.xr.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.exe
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.pdb
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeDetail.g.i.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeDetail.g.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeList.g.i.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeList.g.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeDetail.xaml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeList.xaml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeDetail.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\EmployeeList.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.exe
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.pdb
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\thang.dm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\thang.dm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\thang.dm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\thang.dm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement\obj\Debug\Oct17thWSADEmployeeManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
