c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.exe.config
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.exe
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.pdb
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\obj\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\obj\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.exe
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\obj\Debug\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin.pdb
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\MovieStoreDB.mdf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\MovieStoreDB_log.ldf
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\thang.dm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\Oct31thEAPSimpleOwin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
